OK, good.
Now, Point 6,
“What Jehovah does for his friends.”
Cassie, can you tap that link
“Jehovah Has Done So Much For Me”?
When I was 14,
things that happened in the past
started to catch up with me emotionally.
And I felt like everything
that happened in my life
was my fault.
Learning from the Bible that God says
that he will take my right hand,
that he will fortify me,
that he will really help me
—it blew me away!
She mentioned a Bible passage
where Jehovah takes our hand.
Can you read that at Isaiah 41:10, 13,
please?
“Do not be afraid, for I am with you.
“Do not be anxious, for I am your God.
“I will fortify you, yes, I will help you,
I will really hold on to you
with my right hand of righteousness.”
And 13: “For I, Jehovah your God,
“am grasping your right hand,
“the One saying to you, ‘Do not be afraid.
I will help you.’”
So, Cassie,
according to these verses,
what does Jehovah promise to do
for all of his friends?
Help us when we’re down or scared.
Yes!
Let’s look a little closer, though.
“I will fortify . . . ,
“I will help . . . ,
I will really hold on . . .”
—does that sound like a Friend who can help
or a Friend who wants to help?
I never thought of God, Jehovah,
like that.
Do you think that Jehovah
would make a good Friend?
Sure.
Why?
In verse 10, Jehovah
stretches out his hand to you.
Which one?
His right.
And then in verse 13,
he takes your hand.
Which one?
My right.
How?
Cassie, come here.
So is Jehovah
beside you
holding your hand?
Or is he—
In front.
That’s it
—his right hand
taking your right hand.
He’s facing you
to pull you up and out.
Cassie, what has Jehovah
pulled you out of?
Wow!
Um,
hopelessness.
That is a direct result
of friendship with Jehovah.
It grows stronger
the more we talk to him.
Let’s look at that in the next section, OK?
OK, Gene,
the last review question is,
How can Jesus’ death benefit you?
I suppose I should say
that it means forgiveness from my sins,
but God is not going to forgive me.
What makes you feel that way?
I don’t feel; I know.
I made better choices in my business
than I did at home.
Sorry.
Gene,
scroll down to where it says “Explore”
and click under
“Can Jehovah forgive even serious sins?”
OK, got it.
Can you read the second paragraph, please?
Sure.
“Some people have committed gross sins
and wonder
“whether God can forgive them.
“Happily, the Word of God says:
“‘The blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us
“from all  sin.’
“Jehovah willingly forgives even serious sins
if we have a proper, repentant attitude.”
The blood of Jesus cleanses us from all sin.
Through the ransom, Jehovah forgives our sins
—even serious ones—
and he draws us to him.
But, Ron, why should anyone get a free pass?
Because it’s not free.
Do you see the scripture link to Isaiah 1:18?
I see it.
Can you read it, please?
“‘Come, now, and let us set matters straight
between us,’ says Jehovah.
“‘Though your sins are like scarlet,
they will be made as white as snow;
“‘though they are as red as crimson cloth,
they will become like wool.’”
So forgiveness of our sins is possible
if we “set matters straight.”
What do you, Gene,
think that means?
I need to do what’s right.
I’m trying.
Yeah, that’s good.
It also involves how we feel.
We should feel sorry.
I am.
No, that’s a good sign, Gene.
Lastly, let Jehovah help you with the step
that’s the hardest for many of us.
He can help you forgive yourself.
Jesus died for me.
Ron, I think I’m going to need
a little more time to process this.
We all do.
Let’s go ahead and conclude with a prayer,
and we’ll specifically ask Jehovah
to strengthen your faith in the ransom
and his forgiveness.
Later, when you pray,
you can beg him for the same thing.
Thank you.
OK.
Let’s say a prayer.
Jehovah, our heavenly Father . . .